Hi everyone!
In this video we will learn logical operators in Python.
Logical operators are used to combine conditional statements.
We have three operators and returns true if both statements are true or returns true if one of the statements
is true and not reverse the result and returns false if the result is true.
Let's execute some examples in PyCharm.
Here x.
Take the value five is greater than three and less than ten.
True and true.
The result it will be true.
X is greater than three but is not less than four.
We have the first statement return true.
The result it will be true.
Just when statement returns true, the final result it will be true and not here in this example it
will return.
We will return false.
Why?
Because the expression the first expression returns true, and with the not operator it will return
false.
Result is false.
Five is greater than three and less than ten.
True and true.
It will be true with the operator.
Not we will have the result.
False.